Changes for 0.8.1:
------------------

Fixed some Mac OS X glitches.

Removed Overlay class from VisionEgg.Core.  (The Overlay class was the
same as the Stimulus class with the inclusion of its own projection.
Now, if your stimulus has an associated projection, as 2D stimuli
would, you must keep track of that yourself.)

Support for specifying the order in which stimuli are drawn added by
draw_order argument to the add_stimulus method of the Viewport class.
(Necessary to ensure any graphics that must get drawn on top of
everything else can be drawn last.)

Added remove_stimulus method to Viewport class.  Added remove
controller methods to Presentation class.

Improved auto-setting of video modes.

Added GetKeypressDialog and ToplevelDialog classes to GUI module.

SpinningDrum (and therefore BlurredDrum) can now be drawn flat.  See
demo/Pyro/blurDemoClientGUI.py.

BlurredDrum re-calculates its blurred imaged without having to be
deleted and re-loaded.

Changes for 0.8.0:
------------------

MAJOR: Implemented new Screen, Viewport, Stimulus, Overlay, and
Presentation classes in VisionEgg.Core to more cleanly separate
components and allow multiple viewports on same screen.

MAJOR: Implemented new Parameters class in VisionEgg.Core to allow
more flexible control of any parameters which may change during or
between stimulus presentations.  This paves the way for easy control
using any imaginable means, including a local window, a remote python
script (see below about Pyro), or from a data-acquisition card.

MAJOR: Added remote execution methods, so now you can run the
VisionEgg in fullscreen mode while controlling it from a different
computer.  Check out the the demos in the demo/Pyro directory.
Requires python package "Pyro" (Python Remote Objects).

New configuration system added.  VisionEgg.config holds system-wide
configuration defaults. 

Changed VisionEgg.py to Core.py, so now you must do "import
VisionEgg.Core".

Moved demo scripts into 'demo' directory within the main package.  Now
there is only one package to maintain.

Motion blur cache uses directory VisionEgg.config.VISIONEGG_STORAGE

Pulled texture stuff into Textures.py.

Pulled data acquisition stuff into Daq.py

Added lots of docstrings.

Created this changelog.